i connect the black is i know now not in
Open
Now Léo and bento a shower and after
toni on the ground not in the south I know
the half- full half filled with my mood
it was d or
hey and I wanted to know wind if you
I would like to do about 6
preferred to have done a lot to be
done
Who took zero time to play?
well what you need to do is just one
half that is identical to the one that is here
on new aral is whether this duckbill
and did
We're working on the sock it goes.
train your clear voice is not beautiful
and this one is brown that is also beautiful
only thing they do not speak to where
will it be that we are in it but we form a pair
perfect is the one that has more than one mark
with a 6 orange with a stripe sells
I'm seeing something orange is not
a sock you're not a bunny at lunch
where we were even on gas in the middle of
fringe list from the one of orange but
do not have list see
will it be that only the first step
keep orange with green stripes
mayor was packed to arise one
half of it with a face worth smiling
it makes me want to leave too but
It's not a half is another in the neighborhood is
here is mine with smiley face the
I was walking and now I was able to
perfect
no, no